docs/actions/mediafile.upload.md, before:

## Payload
```js
{
// Required
    owner_id: Fqid;
    file: string; // base64 encoded
    filename: string;
    title: string;

// Optional
    parent_id: Id;
    access_group_ids: (group/mediafile_access_group_ids)[];  // only for meeting-wide mediafiles
    token: string,                                           // only for organization-wide mediafiles
}
```

## Action

The given `owner_id` determines whether a meeting-wide or an organization-wide mediafile is uploaded. See [Mediafiles](https://github.com/OpenSlides/OpenSlides/wiki/Mediafiles) for more details.

The `parent_id`, if given, must be a directory (flag `mediafile/is_directory`) and belong to the same `owner_id`. The combination of `title` and `parent_id` must be unique (a file with one title can only exist once in a directory). `access_group_ids` can only be given for meeting-wide mediafiles and must then belong to the meeting given in `owner_id`. `token` can only be given for organization-wide mediafiles and must be unique across all of them.

Additional fields to set:
- `is_directory` must be set to `false`.
- `create_timestamp` must be set to the current timestamp.
- `inherited_access_group_ids` and `is_public` must be calculated in case of a meeting-wide mediafile.
- `mimetype` is guessed by the ~~`filename`~~ `filecontent` (since 4.0.16)
- `pdf_information`: If the mimetype is `aplication/pdf` this object needs to be filled:
    ```
    {
        pages: number;
        encrypted: boolean;
    }
    ```
    It is tried to get the amount of pages from the pdf. If it is encrypted or the extraction fails `pages` will be set to 0 and `entrypted` to true.
- `filesize`: Size of the file in bytes.

The `file` is not stored into the datastore but uploaded to the mediaservice.

## Permissions
The request user needs `mediafile.can_manage` for meeting-wide mediafiles or the OML `can_manage_organization` for organization-wide mediafiles.

Commit message:

Implement public organization mediafiles (#2563)
* Write migration for public mediafiles

* Update data json files

* Fix group_delete

* Add meeting_mediafile actions

* Change mediafile.create_directory

* Change mediafile.upload

* Fix mediafile delete test

* Change mediafile.update

* Add is_public boolean field to main mediafile model

* Rename is_public to is_global in main mediafile for differentiation

* Rename fields again

* Partially implement publishing mediafiles

* Implement publish action

* Assume admin group for implied meeting mediafiles, allow meeting data for pubmished orga files, only allow publishing root files

* Mainly update wiki

* Add line to mediafile.publish wiki entry

* Ensure mediafile create actions create necessary meeting_mediafiles

* Almost finish amending mediafile.move

* Fix mediafile.move

* Fix other actions

* Ensure migration tests only run for the newest migration

* Update meta

* Fix check datastore tests, start implementing mediafile context presenter

* Finish mediafile context presenter

* Test if checker uses implicit access groups

* Re-generate models py

* Ensure projector.project creates meeting_mediafiles and add errors for wrongful creations

* Remove is_published_to_meetings as it is not necessary

* cleanup

* Refactor mediafile.move a bit

* Some locking and other cleanup

* Update meta

* Update meta

* Update meta

* Rename attachment_ids in topic, motion and assignment

* Rename attachment_ids in topic, motion and assignment 2

* Rename access group back relations

* Complex meeting_mediafile delete test

* Enhance test

* Add id gap into migration test

docs/actions/mediafile.upload.md, after:

## Payload
```js
{
// Required
    owner_id: Fqid;
    file: string; // base64 encoded
    filename: string;
    title: string;

// Optional
    parent_id: Id;
    access_group_ids: (group/meeting_mediafile_access_group_ids)[];  // only for meeting-wide mediafiles
    token: string,                                           // only for organization-wide mediafiles
}
```

## Action

The given `owner_id` determines whether a meeting-wide or an organization-wide mediafile is uploaded. See [Mediafiles](https://github.com/OpenSlides/OpenSlides/wiki/Mediafiles) for more details.

The `parent_id`, if given, must be a directory (flag `mediafile/is_directory`) and belong to the same `owner_id`. The combination of `title` and `parent_id` must be unique (a file with one title can only exist once in a directory). `access_group_ids` can only be given for meeting-wide mediafiles and must then belong to the meeting given in `owner_id`. `token` can only be given for organization-wide mediafiles and must be unique across all of them.

Additional fields to set:
- `is_directory` must be set to `false`.
- `create_timestamp` must be set to the current timestamp.
- `mimetype` is guessed by the ~~`filename`~~ `filecontent` (since 4.0.16)
- `pdf_information`: If the mimetype is `aplication/pdf` this object needs to be filled:
    ```
    {
        pages: number;
        encrypted: boolean;
    }
    ```
    It is tried to get the amount of pages from the pdf. If it is encrypted or the extraction fails `pages` will be set to 0 and `entrypted` to true.
- `filesize`: Size of the file in bytes.
- `inherited_access_group_ids` and `is_public` must be calculated in case of a meeting-wide mediafile or a published orga-level parent (for those meetings where the parent has meeting_mediafiles).

The `file` is not stored into the datastore but uploaded to the mediaservice.

## Permissions
The request user needs `mediafile.can_manage` for meeting-wide mediafiles or the OML `can_manage_organization` for organization-wide mediafiles.
