docs/actions/meeting_user.update.md, before:

## Payload
```
{
// Required
    id: Id;

// Optional
// Group A
    number: string;
    structure_level_ids: Id[];
    vote_weight: decimal;
    comment: HTML;
    personal_note_ids: Id[];
    speaker_ids: Id[];
    supported_motion_ids: Id[];
    submitted_motion_ids: Id[];
    assignment_candidate_ids: Id[];
    projection_ids: Id[];
    chat_message_ids: Id[];
    vote_delegated_to_id: Id;
    vote_delegations_from_ids: Id[];
    locked_out: boolean;

// Group B
    about_me: HTML;

// Group C
    group_ids: Id[];

// Group D
    assignment_candidate_ids: Id[];
    motion_working_group_speaker_ids: Id[];
    motion_editor_ids: Id[];
    supported_motion_ids: Id[];
    chat_message_ids: Id[];
}

```
## Internal action
Updates a meeting_user. `vote_delegated_to_id` and `vote_delegations_from_ids` has special checks, see user checks.
The action checks, whether at the end the field `locked_out` will be set together with any of `user.can_manage` or any admin statuses on the updated meeting_user and throws an error if that is the case.

Commit message:

Implement anonymous group (#2551)
* Implement anonymous group

* Stop anonymous group from being set

* Make participant import actions act as if the anonymous group doesn't exist

* Test permission helper change

* Update wiki

* Whitelist permissions for and forbid changing the name of anonymous group

* Forbid giving anonymous groups model-wise write perms

* cleanup

* Make changes

docs/actions/meeting_user.update.md, after:

## Payload
```
{
// Required
    id: Id;

// Optional
// Group A
    number: string;
    structure_level_ids: Id[];
    vote_weight: decimal;
    comment: HTML;
    personal_note_ids: Id[];
    speaker_ids: Id[];
    supported_motion_ids: Id[];
    submitted_motion_ids: Id[];
    assignment_candidate_ids: Id[];
    projection_ids: Id[];
    chat_message_ids: Id[];
    vote_delegated_to_id: Id;
    vote_delegations_from_ids: Id[];
    locked_out: boolean;

// Group B
    about_me: HTML;

// Group C
    group_ids: Id[];

// Group D
    assignment_candidate_ids: Id[];
    motion_working_group_speaker_ids: Id[];
    motion_editor_ids: Id[];
    supported_motion_ids: Id[];
    chat_message_ids: Id[];
}

```
## Internal action
Updates a meeting_user. `vote_delegated_to_id` and `vote_delegations_from_ids` has special checks, see user checks.

Will throw an error if the `group_ids` contain the meetings `anonymous_group_id`.

The action checks, whether at the end the field `locked_out` will be set together with any of `user.can_manage` or any admin statuses on the updated meeting_user and throws an error if that is the case.
