docs/actions/user.assign_meetings.md, before:

## Payload
```
{
   // Required
   id: Id;
   meeting_ids: Ids;
   group_name: string;
}
```

## Action
### General idea
Try to find a group with the `group_name` in the meetings (`meeting_ids`) and add the user to this group.
This feature should be used to add a user to many (100-1000?) different groups (and meetings).

### Detailed
Go through all meetings:

* If it finds the group with the name `group_name` in the meeting, add user to that group, if the user isn't already member of this group.
* If it doesn't find the group with the name `group_name` in the meeting and the user is not in the meeting, add the user to the default group.
* If it doesn't find the group with the name `group_name` in the meeting and the user is already in the meeting, do nothing.

If it doesn't find the `group_name` in at least one meeting, throw an `ActionException`.
Returns dictionary with `"succeeded": [meeting_ids], "standard_group": [meeting_ids], "nothing": [meeting_ids]`.

## Permissions
The request user needs OML `can_manage_users`

explanation: Usually the field `group_ids` can be changed also with committee- or meeting-rights for
all related objects, see [user.update#permissions](user.update.md#permissions), field group C. Currently the client allows
this functionality only for users with OML `can_manage_users`.

Commit message:

Add setting for closed meeting (#2523)
* Add setting for closed meeting

* Edit meeting.update and permission system, test almost everything

* Forbid locking template meetings

* Add all but the user.create tests

* Add tests to user.create

* Edit send_email permission handling

* Fix send_invitation_email permission tests

* Amend user.set_present

* Amend user.toggle_presence_by_number

* Amend user.create and user.update

* Amend create update perm mixin for users

* Forbid cloning of locked meetings

* Ensure archiving still works

* Amend search_for_id_by_external_id presenter

* Fix test

* Update datastore calls and wiki entries

docs/actions/user.assign_meetings.md, after:

## Payload
```
{
   // Required
   id: Id;
   meeting_ids: Ids;
   group_name: string;
}
```

## Action
### General idea
Try to find a group with the `group_name` in the meetings (`meeting_ids`) and add the user to this group.
This feature should be used to add a user to many (100-1000?) different groups (and meetings).

### Detailed
Go through all meetings:

* If it finds the group with the name `group_name` in the meeting, add user to that group, if the user isn't already member of this group.
* If it doesn't find the group with the name `group_name` in the meeting and the user is not in the meeting, add the user to the default group.
* If it doesn't find the group with the name `group_name` in the meeting and the user is already in the meeting, do nothing.

If it doesn't find the `group_name` in at least one meeting, throw an `ActionException`.
Returns dictionary with `"succeeded": [meeting_ids], "standard_group": [meeting_ids], "nothing": [meeting_ids]`.

Will raise an error if some of the selected meetings are locked from the inside via the `locked_from_inside` setting.

## Permissions
The request user needs OML `can_manage_users`

explanation: Usually the field `group_ids` can be changed also with committee- or meeting-rights for
all related objects, see [user.update#permissions](user.update.md#permissions), field group C. Currently the client allows
this functionality only for users with OML `can_manage_users`.
