openslides_backend/migrations/README.md, before:

# Migrations for the Datastore

The `migrate.py` script is the main entrypoint to execute migrations. The migrations itself are in the `migrations` folder. Each file can be arbitrarily named but must include a class called `Migration` that can be found by the loader. Note that all docker related files in this folder are only for **developing** migrations, not execute them. For execution in the dev mode, see the actual backend target for the dockerfile (`target dev`) and `dev/entrypoint.sh`.

There are three ways to execute migrations:

## 1) Developing migrations
This is done within the dockersetup in this folder. Note that the datastore needs to be checked out with the name `openslides-datastore-service` next to the backend repository.

- checkout the current datastore (in ../../openslides-datastore-service) and the current backend.
- `make dev`: Starts the compose setup -> A shell opens with the ability to run `migrate.py` and auxillary scripts.
- You can exit from it with `exit` and shut down the docker setup with `make stop-dev`
- You can write migrations in the backend and also adjust the Datastore at the same time since both are mounted into the container.

The following scripts can be used to make snapshots and trying out new migrations

#### Scripts for setting initial data
Only the current dataset is exported, so after a (re-)import, only one position exists in the datastore. Also note that importing clears the old content

- `export-data-only.sh` [to:export.json]
- `import-data-only.sh` [from:export.json]

#### Scripts for the full backup (Does a DB dump)
- `export-events.sh` [to:export.sql]
- `import-events.sh` [from:export.sql]

#### Downloading example data
- `fetch-example-data.sh` [to:example-data.json]


## 2) Migrations in dev mode

They are run before the backend starts. It is ensured that is is not scaled, so this is fine regarding race conditions. See `dev/entrypoint.sh` for the usage

## 3) Migrations in production:

See [migration route docs](/docs/migration_route.md).

Commit message:

[rel-db] Initial migration (#3152)
* Add initial migration
* Add new migration system and migration states in version table
* deprecate 'progress' and remove 'clear-collectionfield-tables' routes
* set decimals to minimum if below minimum
* use migration tables for initial migration
* centralize MODELS in InternalHelper
* hard coded ORIGIN_COLLECTIONS
* unskip initial import tests
* delete migrations core
* use advisory locks instead in schema creation
* source environment variables in interactive shell
---------

Co-authored-by: Danny <dreichelt@intevation.de>
Co-authored-by: reicda <165993199+reicda@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Luisa <luisa.beerboom@intevation.de>
Co-authored-by: Alexej <33332102+4echow@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: luisa-beerboom <101706784+luisa-beerboom@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: peb-adr <adrichter97@gmail.com>

openslides_backend/migrations/README.md, after:

# TODO revise this file
# Migrations for the Database

The migrations will create shadow copies with `{name}_mig` of all tables to be migrated and rereference all triggers and references to those. Migration will be done on the `_mig`-tables. In the finalization step the original tables are deleted and the shadow copies put into place.
Collections in READ_MODELS will prevent writing on corresponding tables for all parrallel processes.
Collections in WRITE_MODELS will additionally prevent reading on corresponding tables for all parrallel processes.

The migrations themselves are in the `migrations` folder. Each file must start with a four digit number and can include certain functions that can be found by the loader. A psycopg cursor object will be passed as function parameter.
 * data_definition: should do necessary schema changes
 * data_manipulation: should pass the altered original data from the table to table_mig
 * cleanup: should do all cleanups that aren't done automatically like deleting additional temporary tables. This step happens during finalization before all automatic changes.

#### Scripts for setting initial data

There are three ways to execute migrations:

## 1) The `migrate.py` script is the cli entrypoint to execute migrations.
Use python `migrate.py -h` to see all available commands.

## 2) Migrations in dev mode

They are run before the backend starts. It is ensured that is is not scaled, so this is fine regarding race conditions. See `dev/entrypoint.sh` for the usage

## 3) Migrations in production:

See [migration route docs](/docs/migration_route.md).
